The  ground  spoiler  subsystem  will  automatically  deflect  the  groundspoiler  panels  after  touchdown  to  reduce  wing  lift  and  increase  wheelbrake efficiency. Each pair of ground spoiler hydraulic actuators ( INBD(Inboard)/  OUTBD  (Outboard))  is  actuated  hydraulically  by  a  groundspoiler  control  module.  The  control  module  for  the  INBD  panels  iselectronically controlled by FCM (Flight Control Module) 1 and FCM 3.This control module relays hydraulic pressure from the No. 2 hydraulicsystem  to  the  inner  pair  of  hydraulic  actuators.  The  control  module  forthe  OUTBD  panels  is  electronically  controlled  by  FCM  2  and  FCM  4.This control module relays hydraulic pressure from the No. 1 hydraulicsystem  to  the  outer  pair  of  hydraulic  actuators.  A  command  from  asingle  FCM  is  sufficient  to  command  the  control  module.  Each  of  thefour  hydraulic  actuators  is  used  to  hold  the  ground  spoiler  panels  at  0degrees,  or  deflect  the  ground  spoiler  panels  to  the  fully  extended  (60degrees) position after touchdown. The position of each ground spoilerpanel is monitored by a proximity switch.The multifunction spoiler subsystem has three separate functions:•Deployed  asymmetrically  (with  the  ailerons)  for  roll  augmentationas  commanded  by  the  pilot’s  and  copilot’s  control  wheel.  Theangle  of  spoiler  panel  displacement  is  proportional  to  controlwheel displacement.•Deployed  symmetrically  during  flight  by  the  speed  brake  handle.Spoiler  panel  displacement  is  proportional  to  the  speed  brakehandle position.•Deployed  symmetrically  (with  the  ground  spoilers)  during  rolloutafter  landing.  The  panels  are  fully  extended  when  the  groundspoiler deployment conditions are met.The  multifunction  spoiler  subsystem  utilizes  six  spoiler  PCU  (PowerControl  Unit)s  to  control  six  multifunction  spoiler  panels.  The  spoiler PCUs  receive  commands  from  FCMs  1,  3,  and  4.  The  FCMs  receiveinput commands from the roll control LVDT (Linear Variable Differential-Transducer)s  and  the  speed  brake  handle  RVDT  (Rotary  VariableDifferential-Transducer).  The  OUTBD  PCUs  operate  on  the  No.  2hydraulic  system,  and  extend  and  retract  the  OUTBD  multifunctionspoilers.  The  middle  and  INBD  PCUs  operate  on  the  No.  1  hydraulicsystem,  and  extend  and  retract  the  middle  and  INBD  multifunctionspoiler panels.


Required Vars:
1- Yoke Vars: Roll input,
2- Speedbrake Handle position
3- On Ground bool

